ICU core meeting 04/17/2002
10:30

IBM
Markus Scherer
Andy Heninger
Syn Wee Quek
George Rhote
Vladimir Weinstein
Helena Chapman
Steven Loomis - on the phone
Daniel Chen - on the phone (Lotus)

Progress
Tex Texin

- ICU 2.1 announced - went to icu4c, icu4c-support, icu-announce lists

- Daniel Chen: question for 2.1. 
- MAC OS X support? ICU doesn't support it, but it builds, tests, works on OS X. It is not firmly rooted. SRL uses OS X for development and routinely builds and tests it. Tex: The announcement is ambiguos. Daniel will help with wording

- started planning for 2.2
- big 2.2 items: 
+ Finishing in July, mostly done in June
+ Unicode 3.2 support - updating UTF-8 converter macros, properties files, case
+ data loading update. design document soon. Goal: simplify and make it easier to override data files and have different data packages exist at the same time
+ MAC OS X and itanium support
+ aliasing support
+ smaller items

- Tex and Daniel opinion:
- Tex: list is good. No additional requests, given the timeframe being short. Data loading, data size small, U3.2 support important.
- Action item: list of supported pages. Pruning the default set. removing EBCIDIC on standard platforms. Data loaded on demand, but the data size is too big. EBCIDIC takes a lot of space. Most of the other mapping tables could be removed from default build set. 
Tex: do a survey and see what users want. Or, make it very easy for a company to determine and build the converters they need.
M: data loading will make it easier to to add mapping tables after installation. Application could do it too.
Tex: ease of use is more important than initial set and increments
Andy: what is more important? footprint after the installation or the size of distribution.
Tex: Cost of downloading and distributing more important.
Andy: we got similar feedback. Compression of the distribution might be interesting
T: Fast load on demand would be even better. 
Helena: Send us a list of code pages that your customers want.
T: windows code pages (even in the Unix environment - tend to be superset of ISO pages) easier to interoperate with windows. First preference to use Unicode
M: small set of mapping tables/code pages. 
T: yes - progress doesn't support Mac. Mostly win32 & Unix based. Occasional EBCIDIC
Daniel will also send the data.
H: what version are you shipping?
T: we're back a bit. Steve Watt is looking at including ICU with the next release. We are going to go with the current release. 
H: pick up even number releases. they are reference releases. 
T: 2.2 would be interesting, esp. for supporting U3.2
M: any more questions?
D: no.
H: Help with porting efforts, Tex? early testing?
T: I remember proposing that we would do some early AS400 testing/porting. That has changed. That's moot now. 
H: Some people are interested in seeing ICU used on IRIX, HP.
T: we do HP. Send me a list of interesting platforms. we have a group for managing platforms. we can review the list.
D: Mac, HP UX, 390
M: Mac support. we work on OS X. Any need to support older versions?
D: We're happy with OS9 - our port is fine
George: take ICU 2.1 a figure out what is missing from it, Daniel
D: end of May, start of June
M: That's it for agenda items. Anything else?

Revision comments in file: 
SRL: What about having CVS comments within source files. Caused problems for Lotus with diffs. 
M: checkout changes the time stamp inside the file. 
H: should we remove it?
Having only several files have the stamp.
only time field is making the problems.
Sun requires variables in the Java code.
Let's worry about C side only.
Options: 
- drop the subject completely
- put variables on everything
- put version on:
  index.txt
  convrtrs.txt
  transliterator index
  all mh files
  makefile.inc
  configure.in

George: add $revision tag
