Meeting minutes 10/12/1999. 
Topic: ICU Development Team Meeting 
Date: 10/12/1999 
Time: 10:00AM - 11:30AM 
Place: IBM Corp. 
Host: Helena Shih(hshih@us.ibm.com) IBM Corp. 


Attendees: 
Tex Texin (Progress Software) texin@progress.com 
Steve Watt (Progress Software) swatt@progress.com 
Helena Shih (IBM) hshih@us.ibm.com 
Mark Davis (IBM) medavis2@us.ibm.com 
Laura Werner (IBM) lwerner@us.ibm.com 
Bob Verbrugge (Compuware) bob_verbrugge@compuware.com 
Markus Scherer (IBM) schererm@us.ibm.com 
Steven Loomis (IBM) srl@monkey.sbay.org 
Susan Hardenbrook (IBM) susanhar@us.ibm.com 
Minutes Takers: Helena Shih - 

Agenda for today's meeting 
- Action items from today's meeting 
- Next meeting schedule 

#Agenda for today's meeting# 
1. Roll Call. 
Laura first summarized the purpose of ICU being open source. 
The goal is to provide a cross-platform unicode enablement. 
The project will focus mostly on the base level Unicode support; 
new Unicode technical reports, database updates etc. 
The high level GUI support is out of the scope of this project. 
Texin asked what role can Progress Software play in this project. 
Helena responded that porting to various platforms, testing, 
performance tuning and so on will be a good fit from a user's 
group. Bob is interested in direct involvement in the C/C++ 
interface, the overall architecture and API design. Bob also 
mentioned that the communication between groups working on ICU 
should be kept open and clear. He agrees that the current scheme 
of things are working quite well with the mailing list and news 
groups. 

2. Uncompleted action item from last meeting: 

- Basis will send the name list to IBM - still in progress 
(Karen is working on that.) 
- IBM will complete the NDA with Basis to review Rosette source code - still in progress (IBM legal will send back the signed copy shortly. 
Laura will follow up with that.) 
- Sami (Basis) will provide the preliminary ICU performance numbers when it's available. - still in progress 
- Tom (Basis) and Aln (IBM) will contact each other regarding transliteration framework issues. - still in progress 
Note: the open source site is accessible from outside the IBM firewall now. 
Bob commented that the information is quite complete and useful. 

3. ICU charter review Laura briefly summarized the charter and the planned 
addition to the charter document. Everyone is to send Laura any comments 
or suggestions on the charter shortly. Texin would like to find out 
more about the current ICU request prioritization list. The important 
work items for Progress are, Normalization, UCA and Unicode character 
properties. Helena will send out a most current copy of the list to 
everyone. We also need a high level component dependency overview 
in the code standards document to spell out how things should be 
added to ICU. 

The compatibility between different ICU releases needs to be 
guaranteed. We need to add this to the request list. Bob has 
volunteered to comb through the codeset conversion interface 
to make sure the native C implementation will not have any 
C++ dependencies. Bob also mentioned that we need to be aware 
of the OS dependencies so that the low level utility functions 
(such as icu_malloc) can be re-implemented correctly on certain 
platforms. 

4. ICU name change possibilities. The current name suggestions are: 
Globary 
Rivendell 
UFC (Unicode Foundation Classes) 
Edocinu (or other anagrams of Unicode) 
Tapestry 
Unicorn CUE (Classes of Unicode Enablement) 
OpenCue (Open-source Classes of Unicode Enablement) 
Uniq or Uni-q Unicore 

Mark commented that we should decide on a more generic made-up name 
instead of a word. He also suggest that everyone should send Helena 
the list of name candidates and postpone the discussion till next 
meeting. Susan suggested the name "Server Enabler (enablement) 
for Unicode". 

5. Contribution process The draft version of the contribution 
process will be made available on the web site at 
http://www10.software.ibm.com/developerworks/opensource/icu/project/contribute.html. 
(Please note that this page is still under construction and should 
not be made publicly available.) Please send your comments or 
suggestions to the contribution process to Helena. 

6. Identification of technical issues and assignments This discussion 
will be postponed for next time. 

#Action Items from Today's Meeting# 
- All the ICU development team members should subscribe to the ICU mailing list. 
Please see http://www10.software.ibm.com/developerworks/opensource/icu/project/resources.html 
for more details. The icu-core mailing list is for this group only 
and needs to be approved to sign up for it. 
- Complete all the in-progress work items from the previous meeting. 
Please see 2. above for more details. 
- Everyone needs to send Helena the name change candidate before 10/20/1999. 
- Everyone needs to review the charter, contribution process and send 
comments or suggestions to Laura and Helena respectively by the end of 
10/20/1999. 
- Helena will send the ICU requirement list to everyone. 
- Helena will add the version compatibility request to the ICU requirement list. 
- Markus will update the ICU coding standards and contribution process 
document to clearly specify the boot strapping mechanism and C/C++ interface 
design goals. - Bob will investigate the native C interface dependency on C++. 

#Next Meeting Schedule# 
The next ICU meeting will be held on 10/25/1999 from 9AM-10AM 
PST, 12PM-1PM EST. The call-in number and pass code will be provided at least 
24 hour prior to the meeting. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Helena Shih IBM Center for Java Technology - Silicon Valley 10275 North DeAnza 
Boulevard, Cupertino, CA 95014 