ICU Core Meeting
Date: May 25, 2005 @ 10:00am PT

Attendees:
George Rhoten (scribe)
Andy Heninger
Ram V
Markus Scherer
Vladimir Weinstein
Doug Felt
Eric Mader
Steven Loomis
Deborah Goldsmith
Mark Davis

Agenda:
 - ICU 3.4 progress
 - ICU 3.6 schedule
 - Proposal: making Richard Gillam a commiter



Vladimir: Everything is going well for 3.4

Andy: The BreakIterator will be using the a new Text Provider API.

Vladimir: We welcome feedback on this API.

Markus: Some of this Text Provider API is available in CVS right now.

Vladimir: We have been working on CLDR.

Ram: We have generated the CLDR data for ICU.

Vladimir: We have UCA updates in ICU.
	We have Tex mentioning that he can help with the Charset Detection porting to C/C++

Mark: When will UCA (collation) be in ICU4J?

Vladimir: I'm working on it.
	(Description of what's wrong with UCA tests ensues)

Mark: (Starts talking about sorting currencies in UCA and CLDR)
	Who can help with porting UCA changes to ICU4J?

Doug: I recommend doing the easy thing, and don't test sorting of currencies.

Deborah: What are the milestones for 3.4?

Vladimir: We have a slush thing around the corner. Slush is not a freeze.

Markus: (discusson about standard release cycle goes on)

Deborah: I have a few bugs to fix. They are minor fixes.
	We will upgrade to ICU 3.4 when it comes out.

Vladimir: Please commit them before mid-June.
	Let's talk about ICU 3.6.
	ICU 3.6 will be released at the end of June next year.

Deborah: The 3.6 schedule seems a little late for the next Mac OS release.

Vladimir: We will have a mini release.
	This will include a lot of stabilization work.

Deborah: For the text iteration, that may be okay.

Vladimir: We recommend that you work on getting as much work into 3.4 as possible.

Andy: I don't think the Text Provider API will work with RegEx in 3.4.

Deborah: We want Text Provider for Break Iterator, RegEx and string search

Mark: Help with String search would help a lot.

Vladimir/Mark: (technical discussion about string search ensues)

Mark: It seems that if we can put some of the stuff for the 3.5 mini release that would help Apple.

Deborah: We really want Charset Detection API, but it looks like Tex wants to help too.
	We really want a C API and not a C++ API.
	We would love to use it in Spotlight, the browser, e-mail and other places.
	We've wanted this for about 10 years.

Markus: Let's consider creating a C API and a C++ implementation for Charset Detection.

Mark: Deborah, please prioritize a list of bugs that you want for 3.6 and send it to Vladimir.
	Please make sure that the bugs are submitted in jitterbug.

Deborah: Here's a heads up.
	I encounter a problem with 64-bit builds with gcc 4 on Mac OS.
	I currently suspect the compiler is the problem.

Vladimir: Mark proposes making Rich Gillam as a commiter.

Mark/Vladimir/Deborah: (both praise Rich's past work)

Mark: Rich want's to contribute towards the transliterator, and I (Mark) can review his changes.
	I think we have concensus that Rich will be a commiter.

Vladimir: No one is opposed.

