// Copyright (c) 2006 IBM
ICU Tech Mtg 12 April 2006
Andy, Deborah, Doug, Eric, George, Mark, Markus, Ram, Steven, Tex, Vladimir
Mike Ow

  UText
  markus wants summary
    decision: agree that markus's optimization can be done ok
    decision: don't need special api to get previous/next index without returning char, etc.
      case will be rare, cumbersome but we can manage.
task: andy to document

  Time zone patches
  vladimir:
    working out how to contribute stuff back for patch for TZ2006c, patch to decode TZ generation
    mark talking to google legal about that
    deborah did the last one
    deb: yes, just fussing with it.  we really need to get away from patching zic.c business...
    vlad: that's why we need the summer of code stuff..
    deb: isn't there a unix tool?
    george: yes, there is
    deb: can't find the tools right off the bat.  'apropos' spews too much stuff at me...

  google summer of code
    gets young engineers to work on code, need IBM to provide a sponsor, propose tasks, etc.
      program going public soon
      tried to enroll ICU, but need someone at IBM to submit ICU as a project
    need 5-10 tasks, but don't need them ahead of time to register
  e.g.: merge icutzgenerator code independent of olson code that works on data files
  e.g. could be demo code (our live demos), or CLDR tools...
task: once this is public, put out a call for contributions on icu-design
task: vladimir to notify us when the program is public.  Real Soon Now.  
task: Steven to push button when program goes live

  lenient Date Time stuff
  mark: mark, deborah, ram are synched up on the code.  deborah: says she found the code.
    need tool to read the data from CLDR
task: mark to post java api design for lenient DT (or deborah?)
  tex: character set detection.  add some more character sets to the list (Thai?)
  eric: Big5 was the last thing added, no Thai added.
  andy: if you want to add more, fine?
  tex: is there a list of things we're looking to add?  andy: no.  tex: looking for list.
task: andy to make sure a list exists, bug exists, etc.
  eric: tex, we need data to train them.  tex: yeah, i wasn't able to get that
