icu-core meeting October 27 2004

Attendees:
Markus Scherer
Vladimir Weinstein
Mark Davis
Raghuram Viswanadha
Andy Heninger
George Rhoten
Doug Felt
Eric Mader
Steven R Loomis
Deborah Goldsmith
Tex Texin

Meeting started at 10:08am

Agenda:
Report on ICU 3.2 progress
Issues brought by Tex
	Date Format performance
	porting ICU to small environments like palmtops
	porting ICU to other environments like Perl, PHP etc.
Case mappings

Discussion:
Markus: icu-core mailing list should not be used for technical discussions.
	The icu or icu4c-support mailing lists should be used instead.

Vladmir: We're working on ICU 3.2. We're testing it. The d01 release should be released soon.
	CLDR will be released soon (Friday?).

Tex: What about POSIX data?
Mark: This is not an issue for ICU. This is a UTC/CLDR topic.
Tex: Does ICU have a statement about POSIX?
Markus/Vladimir: We have POSIX-like APIs, which should be used for migration and not drop-in replacement.
Mark: ... long discussion about how POSIX data relates to Unicode and CLDR.
Vladimir: We have a section in the User's Guide about C/POSIX migration.
Tex: I want a statement on a page about how ICU supports environments.

George: I have been working on DateTime construction. It's significantly better.
	33%-50% improvement. Timezone array handling takes a fair amount of time
Deborah: Is there any more information about timezone designs.
Mark: Yes, I have one for CLDR and ICU will be following it in the future.
George: Yes, there are plans for the API and data changes. There is a jitterbug for it.
Mark: ... questions about Tex's test ...
Tex/George: We have some code and results about this information. It was sent a couple of months ago.

Vladimir: We have people working on small constrained environments, like Palm OS.
	We have new collator API to just use the binary image instead of resource loading.
	There has been a lot of interest lately about small platforms.
	We appreciate any help in this area.
	Ken Krugler is helping with the Palm OS port.
Tex: Maybe we should do more advertising via a new mailing list or a new page.
Mark: There wouldn't be enough traffic for a new mailing list.
	Maybe we should have a wiki page.
George: We've done some work to modularize the ICU code.
Markus: We also thinking about cross compiling and a data project.
Mark: I really want a wiki page on this topic.
Steven: Okay I'll create one.
Tex: I kind of want a how-to and not really a design discussion area.

Tex: I want a list of projects and environments that use ICU.
George: Okay we'll find a place, like companies.html and add links. Right now it has no links.

Markus: Simple case mappings. What do we gain with full case mappings?
Deborah: Simple case mappings are intended for use with getExemplarSet.
Mark/Markus: ... Discussion ensues about how strings are cased...
Mark: Let's use something besides the word "simple", like maybe basic or partial.
Markus: I just want documentation
Deborah and others: How about "basic"?
Markus: How about "case mappings"? The closure is not what Deborah wanted.
	(agreement about case mappings ensues)
Markus: and we'll add documentation about what it exactly does.
Mark: (to Deborah) when C API is added, a new bug and/or changes to the Java version should also be done.


Vladimir: The meeting should come to an now.
Tex: I'd like to get my web site biography updated.
Vladimir: okay, send it to me.


End of meeting