Attendees:
Markus Scherer
Vladimir Weinstein
George Rhoten (scribe)
Andy Heninger
Doug Felt
Ram Viswanadha
Eric Mader
Steven Loomis
Mark Davis

Time: March 30, 2005 10:00am


Agenda:
CLDR status
web site status

Ram: CLDR status
	Ram has integrated the latest CLDR data into ICU. The tests are passing.

Vladimir: Web site status
	Now that Web CVS is available, we can fix more links.
	The link redirection could have been done better, but he have no direct control over the problem.

Vladimir: ICU status
	The exhaustive tests are passing.
	Andy has to fix a few problems in ICU4j RBBI.

Andy: Charset detection status
	Very little time has been spent on this task due to other more important tasks requiring time.
	This is a home grown API and code. There are legal issues with using Mozilla code.
	The data will come from other groups (maybe from IBM internal teams)

Tex: Charset detection
	Maybe some collaberation can be done so that ICU4C can have this API too.
	What about language detection?

Andy: The charset detection API will surface any language information that can be found,
	but this is not a primary goal.

Tex: Let's spend some more time on this charset detection topic in Berlin.

Tex: The transliteration demo seems to have fewer transliterations.

George/Steven: We have various migration issues with this demo.
	Some problems are due to IBM web site policies.

Deborah: I would eventually like to spend some time on the list of features that
	will be a part of ICU 3.4
	We are looking at:
	Flexible date/time format
	UTF-8 iterators (text abstraction)
	Making hide draft the default or a configure option at build time.

George: The U_HIDE_DRAFT bug (3950) is assigned to Steven
	Please keep in in the loop for any work that you are doing with Flexible date/time format

Andy: The text abstraction stuff has fallen behind other tasks.
	We do have a proposal and jitterbug on this stuff.

Vladimir: If there are problems with Andy's tasks, we will provide more help for him.
	Help from other people are also appreciated.

Vladimir: We have a question for Apple.
	Can we get a discount or a loaner machine?

Deborah: You should try the developer program.
	It would be difficult to do anything else.
	You could try the IBM PowerPC people.

Vladimir: How about a newer OS for our Mac OS machine?

Deborah: Yes that would be easier to help you with.

Vladimir: The next meeting is scheduled in two weeks. See you all later.

