ICU development team meeting
Phone number: +1 888-790-1746
Passcode: 29140
Time: 9am-10am PDT, 12am-1pm EDT
Date: 2000-oct-03

Attendees:
    Yves Arrouye (Realnames)
    Steven Loomis (IBM)
    George Rhoten (IBM)
    Markus Scherer (IBM)
    Steve Watts (Progress)
    Vladimir Weinstein (IBM)
    Raghuram Viswanadha (IBM)

Minutes taker: Markus Scherer

Agenda:

- User guide status
- Legal issues
  + using the code
  + using (& printing) the user guide
- ICU release schedule until 2000-Mar-31
  See http://oss.software.ibm.com/icu/develop/tasks.html

Discussion:

Printing user guide/copyright on it - what exactly can users do?
    IPL applies? Check with IBM Legal. Steve Watts wants to have an email stating that copying is allowed.
    * Resolution: copying the user guide for personal use is allowed;
      for commercial use and distribution, the distributor would have to support it.

Progress & lawyers had a discussion yesterday with Helena & lawyers and are moving forward.

Steve Watts sees differences between ICU 1.6 Thai collation and their
    proprietary implementation (not Unicode-based).
    Test with ICU locale explorer & look at rules there.
    Steve to send us information about the differences.

Steve has concerns about changing the collation algorithm;
    he asks for the ability to choose between old and new behavior.

Yves asks for ICU phone meetings to be on Mondays or Wednesdays.

Yves reporting about packaging issues with Debian Linux.
    Main concern: make ICU more flexible for adding converters (& locales?)
    in a binary installation. Idea: keep index files
    out of common file (cnvalias.dat, index.res, translit_index.res).
    Note 1: may want to have a tool that takes apart common,
        flat file. Add another file, reassemble with gencmn.
    Note 2: adding converters & resource bundles works,
        just does not add them to the list for enumeration and advanced aliasing.
    Note 3: the flat file may be more useful for general
        binary distribution (no compiler/linker for assembly, portable across platforms).
        In any case, it would simplify updates if ICU were always
        shipped with the sources for the index files.